[girls shouting]
[whistle blowing]
[woman] Okay, game point. 15-14.
This team serves.
Let's go. Service!
Come on! Come on!
Keep it up! Let's go!
Teamwork! Keep playing!
[girls shouting]
[girl] Hit it to Carrie!
She'll blow it!
[girl 2] Don't blow it, Carrie! Hit it!
[whistle blowing]
- [girl 2] Carrie...!
- [girl 3] She blew it again!
[girl 4] We almost had the game!
[girl 5] We can't win a game
with her on the team.
Look at her!
Just standing there!
You eat shit!
[soft music playing]
[soft music continues]
[water running]
[whimpering]
[girls murmuring]
[Carrie grunting]
Help me! Help me!
Help me!
Aah!
Help me! Help me!
Have a Tampax!
Help me!
Hey Norma,
Carrie's got her period!
[girls shouting]
Help me! Help me!
Help me!
Gross! Gross!
Carrie! Here!
Plug it up! Plug it up!
[girls shouting]
What is going on? This isn't
a pep rally. What's happening?
[girls shouting] Plug it up! Plug it up!
Plug it up! Plug it up!
Plug it up!
Sue! What are you doing?!
What are you doing?!
Carrie...
she just got her period!
- Who's got her period?
- Carrie.
What are you doing?!
[girls shouting] Plug it up! Plug it up!
Plug it up! Plug it up!
Carrie! Come on, Carrie!
Jesus, Carrie!
Carrie, sweetheart!
Jesus! Come on!
Stop it! Now relax! Calm down.
Listen to me. Listen.
I it's okay. It's okay.
Now you're just going to
stand up and take care
of yourself. Now, come on. Come on.
Grow up. Stand up and take care
of yourself.
Come on, do it. Do it.
- Do it!
- Aah!
[suspenseful music]
[glass breaking]
Did you see that?
No...!
[girls laughing]
Get out of here.
Go on. Right now. Move!
Carrie...
Carrie, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I didn't know, okay? I'm sorry.
Baby, come on, now.
Don't you know?
Listen. Listen.
I'm gonna talk to you about it, now, okay?
Now just calm down. Just relax.
See? They're all gone. They're all gone.
Now, listen.
It's gonna be okay.
[voices murmuring]
[soft music playing]
- Isn't she a bit old for her, uh...
- Her first period.
Um... yes.
Morty, until a half-hour ago, I don't even
think she knew there was such a thing.
It's really... hard to believe
in this day and age
a girl in high school
wouldn't know something.
Uh, facts...
Well, she didn't.
But I don't know why that should surprise us,
I mean, knowing that mother of hers.
- We can't interfere with people's beliefs.
- I know, I know.
- As for the girls...
- Carrie's always been their scapegoat.
- You've got to do something.
- I will.
But see, the thing is, Morty, that, um...
I knew how they felt.
See, the whole thing just made me
wanna take her and shake her, too.
- You know what I mean?
- Mm-hmm.
- It was just her period, for God's sake!
- Well, we'll send her home.
Miss Finch,
will you send in Cassie Wright?
It's Carrie White.
Come in, Cassie.
Carrie.
Miss Finch, would you
bring in a dismissal slip?
I thought you might take
the rest of the day
and go home,
take care of yourself, Cassie.
[dramatic music]
We're all very sorry
about this incident.
[dramatic music continues]
It's Carrie.
[principal] Thank you.
Would you like
to go to the infirmary?
- Lie down for a while?
- I think Carrie can go home.
Would you like a ride?
We could call you a cab.
I'm sure she can walk home.
And, Carrie, you're dismissed from gym
for a week. Just take study hall instead, okay?
We're all sorry
about this incident, Cassie.
It's Carrie!
[suspenseful music]
[ashtray breaks]
[door closes]
[bell ringing]
Creepy Carrie! Creepy Carrie!
Ha-ha!
[suspenseful music]
Ohh!
Ohh! Ohh...
[woman on TV]
Were you in Chicago two years ago?
[man on TV] Chicago?
- [woman on TV] Yes, Bill. Chicago.
- [doorbell rings]
[man on TV]
Why, yes, I was living in Chicago.
You knew that, didn't you?
I told you that, didn't I
[woman on TV] No, you didn't.
I found out.
[man on TV]
You're looking at me so, uh, strangely...
Oh, Mrs. White.
- How have you been, Mrs. Snell?
- Fine.
- And the doctor?
- And your daughter?
- Sue is fine.
- Won't you come in, Mrs. White?
- Oh, how kind of you.
- I think Carrie is in some of Sue's classes.
- Yes.
- Perhaps sometime she might like to visit.
- I'm here on the Lord's work, Mrs. Snell.
Spread in" the gospel of God's salvation
through Christ's blood.
Yes, of course.
I have something here I know is gonna
interest the doctor and you.
The teenager's path to salvation
through the cross of Jesus.
I don't think Sue
would be very interested.
The children are wandering through the
wilderness of sin these days, Mrs. Snell.
My Sue is a good girl.
These are godless times,
Mrs. Snell.
I'll drink to that!
We'll... all read these.
[telephone ringing]
Excuse me.
Please sit down, Mrs. White.
[telephone ringing]
Hello?
Betty, can I call you back?
Margaret White is here.
[man on TV] Are you accusing me...
White.
Just let me get rid of her
and I'll call you back.
[woman on TV]
And now... I'm going to kill you!
I have something here, Mrs. Snell,
that I think you might profit from.
- Look, Mrs. White, I'd like to contribute 5...
- Exodus.
$10.
I see.
I pray you find Jesus.
[door closes]
- Wasn't that Carrie White's mother?
- Hey, I didn't hear you come in.
What did she want?
[soft music playing]
[telephone ringing]
Yes?
[dramatic music playing]
Thank you.
I know you're listening.
Come on downstairs.
[dramatic music continues]
Mama?
Who was that? Who called?
[dramatic music continues]
You're a woman now.
Why didn't you tell me, Mama?
Aah!
And God made Eve
from the rib of Adam
and Eve was weak and
loosed the raven on the world.
And the raven
was called sin. Say it.
- The raven was called sin.
- Why didn't you tell me, Mama?
- Say it.
The raven was called sin.
No, Mama...
And the raven was called sin!
And first sin was intercourse.
First sin was intercourse.
I didn't sin, Mama.
- Say it!
- I didn't sin, Mama!
The first sin was intercourse.
First sin was intercourse.
And the first sin
was intercourse!
Mama, I was so scared,
I thought I was dyin'.
And the girls,
they all laughed at me, Mama.
- And Eve was weak. Say it.
- No, Mama!
- Eve was weak.
- No!
- Eve was weak. Say it, woman.
- No, Mama!
Say it!
Eve was weak!
And the Lord visited Eve
with a curse.
And the curse was
the curse of blood!
You should have told me, Mama!
You should have told me!
O Lord!
Help the sinning woman
see the sin of her days and ways.
Show her that if she had remained sinless
the curse of blood would never have come on her.
She may have been tempted
by the Antichrist.
She may have completed
the sin of lustful thoughts...
No, Mama!
Don't lie to me, Carrietta!
Don't you know by now I can see inside you?
I can see the sin as surely as God can!
- Let me go, Mama. You're hurting me.
- We'll pray!
- No! No!
- We'll pray, woman!
Pray to Jesus for all the lustful,
sinning souls.
No!
[screaming]
God visited Eve with the curse.
And the curse was the curse of blood.
No, Mama!
[screaming]
And he visited Eve with the second curse.
And this was the curse of childbearing.
And Eve brought forth Cain
in sweat and blood.
Genesis 3:16!
Mama! Let me out!
Mama, please! Let me out!
Mama, please!
Let me out, Mama! God...!
[dramatic music]
Our Father, who art in heaven,
hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom...
[sewing machine whirring]
[door closes]
Thank you, Mama.
You can go to bed now.
[dramatic music]
[crying]
[suspenseful music]
There is power, power,
wonder-working power in the blood
of the lamb...
[suspenseful music]
[glass breaking]
Carrie?
[doorknob rattling]
Open the door.
It's open, Mama.
[door opens]
What was that noise?
What noise?
Go to bed.
Yes, ma'am. Saying my prayers...
- [dramatic music]
- [footsteps retreating]
[teacher] "What are you going to leave
for us, you people in your big cars,
spewing pollution into the air?"
"You people with heavy feet,
trampling down the wilderness."
"You people who peer into
the back seats of our cars,
hours after you come out
of the back doors of your motels."
"Soon all we will have is each other."
"And that could be enough."
"If you will let us have room enough
and air enough
and peace enough
to love each other
as you never could."
Hm.
I... I really must say...
I must confess
this poem displays
the most extraordinary talent.
Talent extraordinary for you,
Tommy Ross.
You know, Tommy,
this is slightly different from running
touchdowns and hitting home runs.
[laughing]
Well, class,
any criticisms?
Anyone?
It's beautiful.
[laughing]
Carrie White!
Beautiful.
Beautiful!
[students laughing]
"Oh, beautiful for
spacious skies,
for amber waves of grain!"
Is that the beautiful you mean?
Is it, Carrie, hmm?
Well, I'm afraid, Carrie,
this is hardly a criticism.
You suck.
Tommy?
Did you say something, Tommy?
- Who, me?
- Yes, you.
I said, "Aw, shucks."
[students laughing]
Roll call: Blake.
Present.
- [teacher] Borne.
- Here.
- [teacher] Gogin.
- [girl] Present.
- Grace.
- [girl 2] Here.
- Hargenson.
- [girl 3] Here.
- [teacher] Litton.
- [girl 4] Yeah.
- [teacher] MacDermit.
- [girl 5] Present.
- [teacher] O'Shea.
- [girl 6] Present.
- [teacher] Pollock.
- [girl 7] Here.
- [teacher] Shires.
- [girl 8] Present.
- [teacher] Snell.
- [Sue] Here.
- [teacher] Watson.
- Present.
- And the Wilsons.
- We're here.
Okay, line up.
Line up!
Move it!
On your feet right now!
Two lines!
Alice and Mary, eyes front.
Katie...
You, too, Chris.
[bubble pops]
[teacher] And spit out that gum.
- Where'll I put it, Miss Collins?
- You can choke on it for all I care.
Just get it out of your mouth.
[paper ripping]
Wipe that smirk
off your face, Norma.
Okay. Now I want you all to know that
you did a really shitty thing yesterday,
a really shitty thing.
[girls laughing]
Did any of you ever stop to think
that Carrie White has feelings?
Do any of you
ever stop to think?
[scoffs]
No, I guess you're too busy
thinking about your dates
and the prom.
I guess you can take your pick, Chris.
Who's the lucky guy?
Billy Nolan.
- Who?
- Billy Nolan.
- I'm sorry, I can't hear you. Could you speak up?
Well, isn't he the lucky one!
What about you, Sue?
Who's taking you?
Tommy Ross.
Right.
Now, my idea for this little trick you pulled
was three days' suspension
and refusal of
your prom tickets.
Oh!
What...?
God!
That'd get you where you live,
wouldn't it?
And you'd deserve it.
I don't think any of you have any idea
of just how nasty what you did really was.
But the office has decided
you're to have one week's detention.
[sighs]
Still, there's one little catch.
It's to be my detention.
That's 50 minutes
every day
starting today
on the athletic field.
Get the picture?
I'm not coming.
That's up to you, Chris.
That's up to all of you.
Punishment for
skipping detention
is three days' suspension
and refusal of your prom tickets.
Any other thoughts?
Good. Now change up.
Where are you going?
- Where you going?
- Come on. Are you gonna come?
- I'm not coming.
- You're really not gonna come?
You're gonna miss out
on the prom for this?
- I'm not coming.
- Well, I'm not gonna miss the prom for this.
Fuck!
[Miss Collins] And... 1, 2, 3, 4.
2, 2, 3, 4
3, 2, 3, 4.
4, 2, 3, 4.
5, 2...
Energy, Norma! Come on!
Come on!
8, 2, 3, 4
1, 2, 3, 4.
2, 2, 3, 4
3, 2, 3, 4.
Stretch, 2, 3, 4.
Stretch, Norma, stretch!
1, 2,
bend, up.
Bend, up.
1, 2.
Faster.
And 1, 2.
1, 2.
1, 2, 1,
and 2
and 3
Uhh!
...and 4
and 5
and 6
and 7
and 8
and 9
and 10
and 11
and 12
and 13
and 14
and 15.
[dramatic music]
And...
1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2,
1, 2, 1, 2,
1, 2, 1, 2.
Get your knees up!
1, 2, 1, 2,
1, 2, 1, 2.
Come on, you hot shots!
She can't get away with this.
I'm gonna get her.
Let it go, Chris.
Like hell I will.
1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2.
The period's not up, Hargenson.
- It is for me.
- Keep running!
There are 10 minutes left.
Stick 'em up your...
[slap]
You can't hit us!
You'll get canned for this,
you bitch!
One more word out of you
and I'm gonna knock you down!
Do you understand me?
She can't get away with this
if we all stick together, Norma!
Helen?
Sue?!
Shut up, Chris.
Just shut up.
This isn't over.
This isn't over by a long shot!
You're out of the prom,
Hargenson.
Okay, the show's over.
In place, run!
1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2.
[dramatic music playing]
[Carrie] "Telekinesis:
"Thought to be
the ability to move
or to cause changes
in objects
by force of the mind."
[cheerleaders] Hang 'em high! Hang 'em low!
Come on, Bates, let's go!
Hang 'em high! Hang 'em low!
- [cheerleader] Give me a B!
- [cheerleaders] B!
- [cheerleader] Give me an Al
- [cheerleaders] A!
- [cheerleader] Give me a T!
- [cheerleaders] T!
- [cheerleader] Give me an E!
- [cheerleader] E!
- [cheerleader] Give me an S!
- [cheerleaders] S!
- [cheerleader] What's that spell?
- [cheerleaders] Bates! Bates! Yeah!
- Hey.
- Coach said I made the nationals!
- Are you kidding?
- Yeah.
- Hey, terrific!
What's up?
Can I talk to you?
- Right now?
- It's real important.
All right.
[Sue] Tommy, if I asked you to do something
very special for me,
would you do it?
[Tommy] Yeah.
I want you to take Carrie White
to the prom.
["(Love Is Like a) Heat Wave" by
Martha and the Vandellas playing]
How's it looking there?
♪ Whenever I'm with him
♪ Something inside
[engine revving]
Ha ha ha!
Hey, Freddy!
Hey! Wanna go over to Minsky's
for some hard stuff?
♪ Or is this the way
love's supposed to be?
No.
- Huh?
- [Billy] Some other time, huh?
- You pussy!
- Gimme one of them beers!
- Suck on this, huh?
- All right!
♪ Whenever he calls my name
♪ Soft, low, sweet and plain
♪ Right there, right there
♪ I feel that burning flame
Yee-hoo!
- Hey, man!
- Oh, man, those stripes!
Ooh!
Aah!
Yes!
♪ Burning in my heart
Oh, shit.
Watch it, you stupid shit!
[music continues]
♪ Heat wave
Don't call me that, huh?
Well, look what you did!
[laughs]
Stupid shit.
[slap]
- I told you not to call me that.
- Look out!
- [car honking]
- [tires squealing]
[man] Dumb punk!
- What, are you scared, Chuck?
- What, do you want to get us killed?
Dumb shit.
You fuck!
[tires squealing]
[gunshot on TV]
[gunshots on TV]
Okay, I'll do it.
[music playing]
[boy] Take the streets!
[car horn honking]
[girl] Hi, friend! What's up?
["Lady Lay" by
Vance or Towers playing]
Don't be in such a hurry.
[Billy] Oh.
Come on...
"Don't be in such a hurry."
- I'm hurrying away from you, you know that?
- No, you're not.
- Pain right in the ass.
- You don't mean that.
I don't mean that.
[music continues playing]
You're crazier than a
son of a bitch, you know that?
♪ Give me everything
♪ Oh,
♪ sweet sigh
Come here.
Oh, shit.
♪ Ooh!
[laughs]
Mmm...
Mm!
Jesus Christ,
what's wrong with you?
- Can't you wait a minute?
- Well, what for? We do this all the time.
You're so ignorant.
[scoffs]
Yeah, but... that's what
you like about me, right?
I know that.
Bullshit.
No?
I know what you like about me.
This.
Touch it.
No!
Dumb shit!
[slap]
I thought I told you
never to call me that!
You know, you are totally fucked up!
That's it. You really are. I know that.
I'm convinced.
Billy...
Come here.
Billy... Come on.
♪ Lady lay
Come on.
I want you to do something...
What?
Something important.
Mm-hm?
Billy...
Oh, Billy...
Oh, Billy... Billy...
Oh, Billy, I hate Carrie White.
Who?
Hi, Carrie.
Hi.
- How are you?
- Okay.
Good. Uh...
What are you doing?
Reading.
Yeah? What are you reading?
It's about, uh
sewing.
Sewing? That's good.
Um...
If you don't have a date
for the prom next Friday,
would you like to go with me?
To the prom? It's next Friday. I know
this is late notice, but, uh... Carrie?
Carrie, let...
[basketball bouncing]
You guys go on. Practice those drills
from yesterday. I'll be right there.
Carrie?
Carrie.
[soft music playing]
Carrie, what's the matter?
- What happened?
- Nothin'.
Was it one of the girls?
Did one of the girls
do something to you?
No.
Well, what is it, then?
You can trust me. You know that?
Would you tell me?
I got invited to the prom.
[Miss Collins laughs]
That's great! That's fantastic!
So what are you down here
moping around for?
Tommy Ross asked me.
That's even better.
- He's really cute, huh?
- [Carrie] I know who he goes around with.
They're just trying
to trick me again, I know.
[Miss Collins] Maybe not.
I mean...
maybe he really meant it.
Hey, Carrie,
let's think about this, now.
It might be terrific.
You might have a really good time.
Carrie?
Hey, Carrie, I wanna talk to you. It's about
this attitude you have about yourself.
I mean, you're always walking around
with your hair down, all moping around.
Carrie?
Come here, you big silly.
I want you to look at yourself.
Would you look at that?
Come on.
Now that's a pretty girl.
Look at your eyes!
Little mascara to bring it out?
Little?
Your lips. Try some lipstick.
You have nice, pretty lips.
And your cheekbones.
Look at your hair. It's beautiful hair. You
could just put it up a little, maybe add a little curl.
What do you think?
Yeah!
[Miss Collins] Well?
Well, what do you wanna know?
Why'd Tommy ask her to the prom?
- Well?
- I asked him to.
Why?
What for?
What could you possibly
have had in mind?
I thought it would be
a good thing for Carrie,
to get her to join in with
a few things and be with people...
- Make her a part of things?
- Right.
Come on, Sue.
We're not that stupid.
- Neither is Carrie.
- Maybe not... I don't know.
You mean you're not gonna go?
You're just gonna stay home
and miss your own senior prom?
[knocking]
Come in.
- What is it?
- Just the attendance sheets, Miss Collins.
Thank you. You know you
can't go without a date.
Is there anything else, Norma?
- [Norma] No, Miss Collins.
- [Miss Collins] Thank you, Norma.
Which brings us to you.
- Miss Collins, I have to get to practice.
- Well, that's too bad, isn't it?
- If you don't mind, it's between Sue and I.
- But I do mind... unless, of course,
you'd like to continue this little
discussion in Mr. Morton's office.
[sighs]
What is the big deal?!
Because it is a very big deal
for Carrie White, and you know it.
Well, she already
said no, anyway.
- Yeah, well, with a little effort you can change that.
- Don't count your chickens.
- Just don't try...
- Fine. I won't try.
Wait a second! It's not fine!
You can't order someone
not to take someone to the prom!
You know, I can make sure
you don't hurt Carrie White anymore.
We're not trying to hurt her, Miss Collins.
We're trying to help her!
How?!
[scoffs]
Hey, Tommy, um... Don't you think
you're just gonna look a little ridiculous
when you walk in the prom
with Carrie White?
We don't care how we look.
Do we?
[laughs]
What?
I...
[school bell rings]
[sighs]
[truck revving]
[truck door slams]
[gate opens]
[knocking]
- Hi, Carrie.
- Hi.
So this is where you live, huh?
- What are you doing here?
- You gonna ask me in?
Why not?
Mama's resting.
- What do you want?
- God, right to the point. Um...
- About the prom, again...
- I already told you.
Well, I know, but there's nothing to say
you can't change your mind.
- Girls do it all the time.
- Why are you doing this?
- 'Cause I want to.
- No, you're not.
Carrie, now, come on.
I don't do anything I don't want.
- I can't.
- Yes, you can!
[Mrs. White] Carrie!
- You'd better go.
- Not till you say yes.
- No. I can't.
- Yes, you can.
I said I can't.
[Mrs. White] Carrie!
Yes, you can.
- Will you please go?
- Not till you say yes.
Why is this so important to you?
[laughs]
I don't know. Maybe because, um...
you liked my poem.
[Mrs. White] Carrie!
- Okay, okay, I'll go.
- Good. I'll pick you up at 8 o'clock.
Okay.
- [rainfall]
- [boy laughing]
What's the matter, Willie?
We gonna wake up the
little piggies? Oink, oink!
You know, this is a hell of a
risk for a joke, uh, Bill.
- [Billy] You want out?
- No, no. It's a good joke. It's a good joke.
[boy 2 laughing]
Look at this!
- [Billy] What?
- [boy 2] All these pigs!
[Billy] What are you talking about?
[boy 2] These painted pigs!
[Chris] Stupid old man Hanky's nitwit cousin
painted them.
Shh!
Bo 21 I went out with the girl that posed
for 'em. She was a real pig!
- [Billy] Will you shut up?!
- [boy] Will you let me up there?
[Billy] You're gonna
kill that pig, right?
[boy laughing]
Piggy!
Ha-ha!
Here, piggy!
I'm gonna bash
your little heads in,
and you don't have to worry
about the bomb no more.
Come here, little piggies!
Come here, you little sucker!
Here's one right here.
- [Billy] Will you shut up and do it, already?
- [boy] We gotta give it a chance to burn!
- Oh, yeah?
- Come here, you little sucker. Come here, piggy!
You can't do it standin' out here.
Get 'er done, man, get 'er done.
- I can't. I can't. You.
- Oh, I knew this would happen!
- Just... hold it there, you pig. You fuck-up!
- Do it, Billy!
- And you shut up!
- Just do it!
[Billy] All right, move it out, move it out!
That's it! That's it! Come on! Move it out!
[pigs squealing]
Yeah, that's my baby!
Yeah! Yeah!
Do it! Do it!
Do it!
[dramatic music playing]
Carrie, you haven't touched
your apple cake.
Gives me pimples, Mama.
Pimples are the Lord's way
of chastising you.
- Mama?
- Yeah?
Mama, please see that I've gotta start to
try and get along with people better.
What are you going on
about, Carrie?
I've been invited to the prom.
The prom?
[thunder crashes]
[Carrie] Yeah, the senior prom,
you know. Everybody's goin'.
It's that teacher that called...
wasn't it?
Please see that
I'm not like you, Mama.
I'm funny. I mean,
all the kids think I'm funny.
I don't wanna be.
I wanna be normal.
I wanna start to try and be a whole person
before it's too late for me to...
His name is Tommy Ross.
- He's a very nice boy, Mama.
- No.
- He promised to stop in and meet you.
- I said no.
- Mama, I've accepted. I've accepted.
- I said no. No, no, no!
I've accepted!
- Come to your closet.
- No.
- After all you've been taught...
- Everyone isn't bad, Mama!
Everything isn't a sin!
Come to your closet and pray.
Ask to be forgiven.
He's a nice boy, Mama. You'll like him.
You'll really like him, Mama.
Boys.
[laughs]
The boys! The boys!
Yes, the boys...
After the blood
come the boys...
- Mama...
- Like sniffing dogs,
grinning and slobbering and trying
to find out where that smell comes from.
Where the smell is.
That smell.
Listen, I know where they take them
in their cars, I've seen it all!
- Well, you're not going.
- Already said I would.
Tell that boy you're not going,
or we're gonna move from here!
No.
We'll move from here
and never see that boy again!
- Mama, please say that Tommy and me...
- The rain's coming in. I'm gonna close the window.
Mama, please sit and talk to me!
- [suspenseful music]
- [windows slamming shut]
[thunder crashing]
I'm goin', Mama.
And things are gonna change
around here.
Witch.
Got Satan's power.
It's nothin' to do
with Satan, Mama.
It's me. Me.
If I concentrate hard enough,
I can move things.
- Satan is clever.
- No, Mama.
I'm not the only one.
Other people can do it.
I read about it.
You poor child. Don't you know?
He doesn't let you know
he's working through you.
Mama... I know.
He entered your father
and carried him off!
- He ran away, Mama.
- The devil tempted him!
He ran away with a woman, Mama.
Everybody knows that.
You must renounce this power.
You must give it up. You must never use it.
I'm goin', Mama.
You can't stop me.
And I don't wanna
talk about it any more.
[dramatic music playing]
- [Billy] You keep that damn light straight.
- [Chris] Hurry up!
Watch it, you stupid shit!
You're getting blood all over the place!
[Billy scoffs]
Who you calling a stupid shit?
I mean, you can't even keep
that fuckin' light straight.
[Chris] Just hurry up.
[liquid pouring]
Yes, ma'am! We's doin' the bes' we can!
We really are, boss!
Hurry up. I wanna go home.
[liquid continues pouring]
[thud]
Just... keep your tits on.
And I'll let you pull the rope
when the time comes.
I plan to.
I know.
[dramatic music]
Ernest, listen tonight's prom night
and everything, right?
- I didn't know you were interested in going.
- What do you mean? I'm a student here, ain't 1?
- I don't know. Are you?
- Sure I am. I got so much spirit in this school,
I wanna be on the committee.
You're a little late, Freddy. I could've used you
a week ago on the decorating committee.
No, I'm not late, Ernest. I'm right on time, pal.
You know, I wanna collect the ballots. You know,
for the king and queen and the voting,
and the, you know?
- Think we could arrange that?
- Okay. Can you be here at 6:307
No. No, I can't be here at 6:30.
I'll be here at 8. How's 8?
- Yeah, that'll do. Okay.
- 8's fine with me. Okay, well, we'll see you then.
- Yeah, see you Freddy. Take it easy.
- I'll take it any way I can get it, pal.
Hey, Helen.
Helen!
- What?
- Did you hear about Tommy Ross?
- He's taking Carrie White to the prom.
- No!
- Yeah!
[laughing]
[Helen] When did that happen? He can't do that!
- Where's Sue?
- [girl] Yes, he can. He asked her.
- [Helen] What's she gonna wear?
- [girl] Who, Carrie?
- [Helen] A sackcloth?!
- [girls laughing]
- [Sue] Sweetie, keep those stars coming faster.
- They're coming.
What's this I hear about Tommy
taking Carrie to the prom?
[Sue] Whatever you heard,
it's true.
[scoffs]
Why is he doing it?
Everybody is talking about it.
I asked him to
cause I thought I owed it to Carrie.
- Where's that put everybody else?
- They gotta deal with it in their own way.
- What do you mean?
- Oh... just something.
- Well, you're not going to the prom.
- Oh, I'll be here.
- You'll be here?
- I sure will.
What do you mean, you're going to the prom?
Shut up. I will tell you later.
You're gonna be in on it, don't worry about a thing.
I'm gonna be in on it? What?
I'll tell you later!
- I want to know now, Chris. You can't give me a hint?
- Just wait.
I won't tell anybody, I promise. I won't say
a word. I promise, I'm your best friend. Come on.
Okay.
[funk music playing]
[no audible dialogue]
- You gotta rent yourself a tuxedo for the prom.
- I know, I only got 10 bucks, though.
You can rent yourself a tuxedo!
You don't have to look great!
Hey.
[whistles]
Does this look nice?
He looks beautiful. You can look good.
Make a good impression for once in your life.
- Would you go out with me?
- Not with ruffles.
You don't have to get ruffles for yourself.
You always gotta make a joke, right?
- I don't like ruffles...
- You don't have to get ruffles!
Alright, now look at me, Beak.
Don't I look sharp?
It looks good on you,
but I don't look right in a tuxedo.
- How do you know? Have you ever put on a tuxedo?
- I don't have a tuxedo body.
[conversation speeds up]
- I know they have tuxedos here for you.
- But I wouldn't look right in it.
Wait a second.
I know just the tuxedo for him.
- Well, what do you think?
- I like it. I think it's terrific.
Look at that. No ruffles at all!
[Mrs. White]
Red. I might've known it would be red.
It's pink, Mama.
Look what Tommy gave me, Mama.
Aren't they beautiful?
[Mrs. White] I can see your dirty pillows.
Everyone will.
[Carrie] Breasts, Mama.
They're called breasts.
And every woman has them.
Take off that dress.
No.
- We'll burn it together and pray for forgiveness.
- No, Mama.
[car horn honking]
- [engine revs]
- [car horn honking]
Well, he's not coming.
He is coming, Mama.
Now stop it. I'm nervous enough.
[dramatic music playing]
No, he's not coming.
He's not gonna come.
[crying]
[Carrie] Go away!
Stop it, Mama!
- Stop hurting yourself, Mama!
- I'm not!
He's gonna laugh at you!
They're all gonna laugh at you!
- They're not gonna laugh at me!
- It's not too late. You can stay here with me.
I don't wanna stay with you, Mama!
Look, I'll answer the door.
I'll tell him you're sick!
- I'll tell him you changed your mind!
- Be quiet.
- [suspenseful music]
- Sit down! Be quiet!
- [tires squeal]
- [mechanical noises]
[car door opens and closes]
[door closes]
Carrie, look. I'll tell him
you changed your mind!
- Sit down!
- [suspenseful music]
Just sit there, Mama,
and don't say a word until I'm gone.
I'll be home early.
I love you, Mama.
[dramatic music]
Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.
[rock music playing]
Tommy,
could we wait here
just a minute?
[car door shuts]
Are you scared?
Mm-hmm.
Maybe this was a mistake.
Oh, no.
It's not gonna be that bad.
They're a good crowd. Really.
[distant applause]
Really.
Don't be so nervous.
Besides, I'd look awfully stupid
dancing by myself, wouldn't 1?
Now come on.
"Education Blues" by
Vance or Towers playing)
♪ As I look back
upon my younger days
♪ I really was a maniac,
♪ blowing up a john
♪ with a cherry bomb,
♪ gave the janitor a cardiac.
♪ Well, the teacher could say
♪ they should lock him away
♪ and throw away all of the keys,
please!
♪ He's outta control.
♪ The devil's got
a hold of his soul.
♪ Oh!
♪ Many were the times
♪ that my buddies and I
♪ joked upon a cigarette.
♪ Getting' too drunk to talk
♪ and we could barely walk,
♪ swearin' for the hell of it.
♪ Then we'd hitch a ride to see
♪ the president's daughter,
♪ her parties were
so outta sight.
♪ Right!
♪ Dancin' till dawn,
♪ while her parents were
clean out of town.
♪ Yeah!
♪ High school.
♪ Pre-school.
♪ No, 12 long years
♪ of the education blues.
♪ Teachers.
♪ Preachers.
♪ Don't know how
♪ I ever made it through.
♪ Oh, yeah!
[guitar solo]
Come on.
Ross, if I knew you'd look this sharp,
I would've taken you instead of, uh...
What's her name?
Don't bother about them.
If they self-destruct,
I'll dance with you.
[laughing]
Hey, where did you buy that dress?
I love it!
- Oh, I made it.
- Made it?!
The decorations...
don't they look great?
[Carrie] Yeah...
- I'm so nervous.
- It's okay. You can sit with us.
- Hey, what time is it?
- 8 o'clock.
Gotta go.
- Where are you going?
- Just out.
[laughing]
See you later.
[Mrs. Snell] Sue!
["Born To Have It All" by
Katie Irving playing]
- Would you like to dance?
- Could we just sit here for a minute?
[Tommy] Oh, sure.
Sure. Anything you want.
Carrie.
Hi, Miss Collins.
You look so pretty!
You, too. You look beautiful.
Thank you! |I know I don't, not really,
but thank you, anyway.
May I sit down?
- Yeah. Chair...
- Thank you.
I'm gonna go
and talk to some people.
♪ You were born to touch
♪ Born to want too much
I remember my prom.
I had a date with the, uh...
...the captain
of the basketball team.
And he was 6 feet,
7 inches tall, so
I bought a pair of 3-inch spike heels
so that our kiss goodnight would be, um...
...less awkward.
Anyway, we went in his pick-up truck,
which of course broke down, and we
had to walk the last half-mile to the prom.
By the time I got there, my feet were
so blistered that all I could do was
just sit there. I couldn't dance.
So we just sat there and, uh... just talked.
And, uh,
it was... magic. Is it like that for you?
It's, um...
it's nice.
- Just nice?
- No...! It's...
It's like, uh...
- It's like being on Mars.
- You'll never forget it.
I don't think I will.
Thank you.
[Tommy] Hey, what's goin' on here?
[laughing]
What are you doing with my date?
- Oh, we're just talking, you know.
- Yeah?
Have a lovely time, okay?
And you, too!
[laughing]
Bye.
Don't let me catch you
hugging any guys like that.
I won't.
Better not.
[I Never Dreamed Someone Like You Could
Love Someone Like Me" by Katie Irving playing]
Do you really have to be
home so early?
Yeah, I promised.
Okay.
- Sorry.
- That's all right.
Some of the kids are going
over to Nolston's after the prom.
That's okay.
What?
If you wanna go with your friends,
I don't wanna spoil anything.
Would you just let me finish?
What I was gonna say is that,
if you'd like to,
we could stop in at The Beehive
for a couple minutes.
- I've never been there.
- No?
Good! Well, then, let's go!
- Okay.
- Okay?
For sure. Great.
Are you ready to dance?
Tommy, ...
Come on.
I don't know how.
I can't, Tommy. I can't.
[Tommy] Sure you can.
♪ I'm not sure
♪ but the more that it's real
♪ the more it's right.
♪ Ooh, what a night...
♪ It's as though
we've been lovers
♪ all of our lives.
♪ There must be a God.
♪ Could it be
that he's heard me at last?
♪ Because you look at me
♪ as the one beautiful...
Yeah, you can. Come on.
Give me your hand. Just put it right there.
- Like that?
- Yeah. Put this on my shoulder.
That's right.
Okay, just relax. All right?
Okay. Just listen to the music.
That's right.
See, you got it? That's good.
You're as good as
anyone else out here.
You got it.
- [Carrie] I'm sorry.
- That's all right.
- [Carrie] It's just...
No harm...
No foul.
- I can't do anything.
- Yeah, you can.
I can't dance. I can't even...
I don't know.
[music continues playing]
- [Carrie] Tommy?
- [Tommy] Yeah?
Why...
- Why what?
- Why am I here?
Because it's the prom.
Why am I here with you?
Because I asked you.
Why'd you ask me?
Because I wanted to.
Why'd you want to?
Because you liked my poem.
Only, I didn't write it.
Somebody else did.
Oh.
[Tommy] Carrie, we're here
and we're together
and I like it.
[laughs]
I do, I like it!
♪ Where there are other girls
♪ but tonight there's only me.
♪ I never dreamed
someone like you
♪ could love someone like me.
[funk music playing]
All right, ladies and gentlemen!
Ladies and gentlemen...
And you two
behave yourselves, okay?
Take your seats, please. We've gotta vote
for the king and the queen.
[dramatic music playing]
[Carrie] Tommy,
we're on here.
I know.
Do you wanna decline?
Do you?
Hell, no. If you win, all they do is put you
up there for a school song and a dance.
And then some guy takes
your picture for the yearbook,
SO everyone can see
we look like a couple of idiots.
[laughs]
[Tommy] Anyway, it's the last year.
Why not?
It's so beautiful!
[Tommy] Hey...
You're beautiful.
[soft music playing]
Well, who should we vote for?
They're more your crowd than mine.
I don't even have a crowd.
Let's vote for ourselves.
No.
Why not?
Please don't vote for ourselves.
Carrie...
Come on.
To the devil with false modesty.
The devil!
[scoffs]
[knife chopping]
[Chris] Billy! Shut up!
Will you close that
a little bit?
Jesus, you wanna get caught?
- That Carrie White, she sure is cute.
- Shut up.
- Thought you said they were gonna win.
- They will. Won't even be close.
I called in a few favors.
[girl]] Can I have your ballot, please?
Hello, guys. Thank you.
Ballots?
Can I have your ballots, please?
- Thank you.
- [boy] Thanks, there.
[girl]] Thank you.
[boy] Thank you, there.
Ballots, please. Thank you.
[boy] Thank you.
[girl]] Freddy, hurry up, please.
- I'm coming, dear.
- Ballots...
Good, good.
Thanks a lot there, Vic.
- Get all of them? Get them all?
- Yeah!
They're right in back of you,
so start kicking.
[dramatic music playing]
- See you.
- Good luck.
More ballots? Thank you.
I have some more ballots
for you guys.
Thank you.
[knocking]
[dramatic music playing]
[indistinct conversations]
[boy] Ladies and gentlemen,
I've got the winners.
[boy 2] All right!
[boy] I give you Tommy Ross
and Carrie White!
[students cheering]
[soft music playing]
[dramatic music playing]
[students cheering]
[rope thumping]
[dramatic music continues]
[students cheering]
[slap]
[dramatic music continues]
[indistinct conversations]
[splashing]
[crowd gasping]
[dripping]
[metallic thud]
[dripping continues]
[no audible dialogue]
[metallic thud]
[dripping continues]
[no audible dialogue]
[metallic thud]
[metallic crash]
[no audible dialogue]
[Mrs. White]
They're all gonna laugh at you!
[students laughing]
[Mrs. White]
They're all gonna laugh at you!
[students laughing]
[Mrs. White]
They're all gonna laugh at you!
- [girls] Plug it up! Plug it up!
- [Mrs. White] They're all gonna laugh at you!
[principal] We're all sorry, Cassie.
- [principal] We're all sorry, Cassie.
[Miss Collins] Trust me, Carrie.
You can trust me.
Trust me, Carrie.
[Chris laughing]
Come on, let's go, Billy!
- [Mrs. White] They're all gonna laugh at you!
- [principal] We're sorry, Cassie.
[Mrs. White]
They're all gonna laugh at you!
[principal] We're sorry, Cassie.
- [Miss Collins] Trust me, Carrie. You can trust me.
- [Mrs. White] They're all gonna laugh at you!
[principal] We're sorry, Cassie.
[Mrs. White]
They're all gonna laugh at you!
[principal] We're sorry, Cassie.
[Miss Collins] Trust me, Carrie.
- [suspenseful music playing]
- [door slams]
- [light bulbs break]
[dramatic music playing]
[Sue] Somebody open this door!
Open this door now!
[wind blowing]
Help! Help!
[screaming]
[metallic rattling]
[water spraying]
[screaming]
[crashing]
[panicked shouting]
Look at him!
[screaming]
[water spraying]
[electricity crackling]
[crashing]
[water spraying]
[screaming]
Have these students calm down!
[indistinct arguing]
Mr. Fromm! Mr. Fromm!
[water spraying]
[feedback]
[electricity crackling]
[screaming]
[explosions]
Carrie!
Carrie...!
[crash]
[electricity crackling]
- [electricity crackling]
- [strangling noises]
[fire crackling]
[screaming]
[crash]
[fire crackling]
[indistinct screaming]
[doors slam]
[sirens]
[tires squealing]
[engine revs]
- [suspenseful music]
- [tires squealing]
- [explosion]
- [crashing]
[screaming]
[crashing]
[explosion]
[fire crackling]
[soft music playing]
[dramatic music]
[organ music playing]
[soft music playing]
[dramatic music playing]
[water running]
[zipper unzips]
[water splashing]
[crying]
[soft music playing]
Mama?
Mama? Mama, it was bad, Mama.
They laughed at me.
Mama, hold me.
Mama, please, hold me.
[dramatic music playing]
Hold me, Mama.
Please, hold me!
I should have killed myself
when he put it in me.
After the first time,
before we were married.
Ralph promised never again.
He promised, and I believed him.
But sin never dies.
Sin never dies.
At first it was all right.
We lived sinlessly.
We slept in the same bed,
but we never did it.
And then, that night,
I saw him looking down
at me that way.
We got down on our knees
to pray for strength.
I smelled the whisky
on his breath.
And he took me... he took me.
With the stink of the filthy
roadhouse whisky on his breath.
And I liked it.
I liked it!
Well, all that dirty touching
of his hands all over me...
I should have given you to God
when you were born.
But I was weak and backsliding.
But now the devil has come home.
Oh!
We'll pray.
Yes.
For the last time,
we'll pray.
[dramatic music playing]
Our Father, who art in Heaven,
hallowed be thy name.
Thy Kingdom come,
thy will be done...
- [knife stabbing]
- [gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
[thudding]
[whimpering]
[dramatic music continues]
[doorknob rattling]
[suspenseful music playing]
[knife thudding]
Aghh!
[suspenseful music playing]
- [thud]
- Aah!
[suspenseful music playing]
[thud]
- [thud]
- Ohh!
[suspenseful music playing]
[thud]
Aghh!
- [suspenseful music playing]
- [thud]
- Aaghhh...!
- [suspenseful music playing]
- [thud]
- Aaghh!
- [dramatic music playing]
- Aaaah!
[gasping]
[gasping slows down]
[soft music playing]
- [screaming]
- [suspenseful music playing]
[wood creaking]
- [soft music playing]
- [wood snapping]
[Carrie crying]
[crashing]
[wood snapping]
[fire crackling]
[crashing]
[fire roaring]
[house collapsing]
[dramatic music playing]
[crashing]
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Oh, Betty, thank God it's you.
I don't think I could have
handled one more reporter.
Yeah, well,
we're all a little edgy.
She's better. Well, uh,
sleeping too much, I guess,
but Dr. Schnieder said that's to be
expected after all she's been through.
Well, he said that she's young enough,
so that she'll forget all about it in time.
No. I wouldn't let her go to the funerals,
with Tommy and all the others gone.
It's best we just
go away for a while.
[soft music playing]
[dramatic music playing]
[screaming]
[screaming continues]
It's all right!
[sobbing]
It's all right. I'm here.
It's all right.
[dramatic music continues]
[soft music playing]